.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, [Gitter](https://gitter.im/gofiber/community) or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

Please note: we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the `Fiber` project.

## Pull Request Process

1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a build.
2. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
3. Increase the version numbers in any examples files and the README.md to the new version that this Pull Request would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/).
4. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers or if you do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

Commit message:

Add DisableStartupMessage (#314)
* Add crowdin

* Update media links

* Update README_de.md

* Update README_de.md

* Update README_de.md

* Add crowdin link

* Print addr when listening

* Print addr on listening

* Add DisableStartupMessage

* Fix typo

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via our [Telegram](https://t.me/gofiber) group, by creating an [issue](https://github.com/gofiber/fiber/issues) or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

Please note: we have a [code of conduct](https://github.com/gofiber/fiber/blob/master/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), please follow it in all your interactions with the `Fiber` project.

## Pull Requests or Comits
Titles always we must use prefix according to below:

> 🔥 Feature, ♻️ Refactor, 🩹 Fix, 🚨 Test, 📚 Doc, 🎨 Style
- 🔥 Feature: Add flow to add person
- ♻️ Refactor: Rename file X to Y
- 🩹 Fix: Improve flow
- 🚨 Test: Validate to add a new person
- 📚 Doc: Translate to Portuguese middleware redirect
- 🎨 Style: Respected pattern Golint

All pull request that contains a feature or fix is mandatory to have unit tests. Your PR is only to be merged if you respect this flow.

# 👍 Contribute

If you want to say **thank you** and/or support the active development of `Fiber`:

1. Add a [GitHub Star](https://github.com/gofiber/fiber/stargazers) to the project.
2. Tweet about the project [on your Twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=%F0%9F%9A%80%20Fiber%20%E2%80%94%20is%20an%20Express.js%20inspired%20web%20framework%20build%20on%20Fasthttp%20for%20%23Go%20https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fgofiber%2Ffiber).
3. Write a review or tutorial on [Medium](https://medium.com/), [Dev.to](https://dev.to/) or personal blog.
4. Help us to translate our API Documentation via [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/gofiber) [![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/gofiber/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/gofiber)
5. Support the project by donating a [cup of coffee](https://buymeacoff.ee/fenny).
