docs/api/middleware/cors.md, before:

---
id: cors
---

# CORS

CORS middleware for [Fiber](https://github.com/gofiber/fiber) that can be used to enable [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) with various options.

## Signatures

```go
func New(config ...Config) fiber.Handler
```

## Examples

Import the middleware package that is part of the Fiber web framework

```go
import (
  "github.com/gofiber/fiber/v2"
  "github.com/gofiber/fiber/v2/middleware/cors"
)
```

After you initiate your Fiber app, you can use the following possibilities:

```go
// Initialize default config
app.Use(cors.New())

// Or extend your config for customization
app.Use(cors.New(cors.Config{
    AllowOrigins: "https://gofiber.io, https://gofiber.net",
    AllowHeaders:  "Origin, Content-Type, Accept",
}))
```

Using the `AllowOriginsFunc` function. In this example any origin will be allowed via CORS.

For example, if a browser running on `http://localhost:3000` sends a request, this will be accepted and the `access-control-allow-origin` response header will be set to `http://localhost:3000`.

**Note: Using this feature is discouraged in production and it's best practice to explicitly set CORS origins via `AllowOrigins`.**

```go
app.Use(cors.New())

app.Use(cors.New(cors.Config{
    AllowOriginsFunc: func(origin string) bool {
        return os.Getenv("ENVIRONMENT") == "development"
    },
}))
```

## Config

| Property         | Type                       | Description                                                                                                                                            | Default                            |
|:-----------------|:---------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------|
| Next             | `func(*fiber.Ctx) bool`    | Next defines a function to skip this middleware when returned true.                                                                                    | `nil`                              |
| AllowOriginsFunc | `func(origin string) bool` | AllowOriginsFunc defines a function that will set the 'access-control-allow-origin' response header to the 'origin' request header when returned true. | `nil`                              |
| AllowOrigins     | `string`                   | AllowOrigin defines a list of origins that may access the resource.                                                                                    | `"*"`                              |
| AllowMethods     | `string`                   | AllowMethods defines a list methods allowed when accessing the resource. This is used in response to a preflight request.                              | `"GET,POST,HEAD,PUT,DELETE,PATCH"` |
| AllowHeaders     | `string`                   | AllowHeaders defines a list of request headers that can be used when making the actual request. This is in response to a preflight request.            | `""`                               |
| AllowCredentials | `bool`                     | AllowCredentials indicates whether or not the response to the request can be exposed when the credentials flag is true.                                | `false`                            |
| ExposeHeaders    | `string`                   | ExposeHeaders defines a whitelist headers that clients are allowed to access.                                                                          | `""`                               |
| MaxAge           | `int`                      | MaxAge indicates how long (in seconds) the results of a preflight request can be cached.                                                               | `0`                                |

## Default Config

```go
var ConfigDefault = Config{
	Next:         nil,
	AllowOriginsFunc: nil,
	AllowOrigins: "*",
	AllowMethods: strings.Join([]string{
		fiber.MethodGet,
		fiber.MethodPost,
		fiber.MethodHead,
		fiber.MethodPut,
		fiber.MethodDelete,
		fiber.MethodPatch,
	}, ","),
	AllowHeaders:     "",
	AllowCredentials: false,
	ExposeHeaders:    "",
	MaxAge:           0,
}
```

Commit message:

:sparkles: middleware: cors: allow disabling caching in preflight requests (#2649)

docs/api/middleware/cors.md, after:

---
id: cors
---

# CORS

CORS middleware for [Fiber](https://github.com/gofiber/fiber) that can be used to enable [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) with various options.

## Signatures

```go
func New(config ...Config) fiber.Handler
```

## Examples

Import the middleware package that is part of the Fiber web framework

```go
import (
  "github.com/gofiber/fiber/v2"
  "github.com/gofiber/fiber/v2/middleware/cors"
)
```

After you initiate your Fiber app, you can use the following possibilities:

```go
// Initialize default config
app.Use(cors.New())

// Or extend your config for customization
app.Use(cors.New(cors.Config{
    AllowOrigins: "https://gofiber.io, https://gofiber.net",
    AllowHeaders:  "Origin, Content-Type, Accept",
}))
```

Using the `AllowOriginsFunc` function. In this example any origin will be allowed via CORS.

For example, if a browser running on `http://localhost:3000` sends a request, this will be accepted and the `access-control-allow-origin` response header will be set to `http://localhost:3000`.

**Note: Using this feature is discouraged in production and it's best practice to explicitly set CORS origins via `AllowOrigins`.**

```go
app.Use(cors.New())

app.Use(cors.New(cors.Config{
    AllowOriginsFunc: func(origin string) bool {
        return os.Getenv("ENVIRONMENT") == "development"
    },
}))
```

## Config

| Property         | Type                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Default                            |
|:-----------------|:---------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------|
| Next             | `func(*fiber.Ctx) bool`    | Next defines a function to skip this middleware when returned true.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `nil`                              |
| AllowOriginsFunc | `func(origin string) bool` | AllowOriginsFunc defines a function that will set the 'access-control-allow-origin' response header to the 'origin' request header when returned true.                                                                                                                                                                | `nil`                              |
| AllowOrigins     | `string`                   | AllowOrigin defines a list of origins that may access the resource.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `"*"`                              |
| AllowMethods     | `string`                   | AllowMethods defines a list methods allowed when accessing the resource. This is used in response to a preflight request.                                                                                                                                                                                             | `"GET,POST,HEAD,PUT,DELETE,PATCH"` |
| AllowHeaders     | `string`                   | AllowHeaders defines a list of request headers that can be used when making the actual request. This is in response to a preflight request.                                                                                                                                                                           | `""`                               |
| AllowCredentials | `bool`                     | AllowCredentials indicates whether or not the response to the request can be exposed when the credentials flag is true.                                                                                                                                                                                               | `false`                            |
| ExposeHeaders    | `string`                   | ExposeHeaders defines a whitelist headers that clients are allowed to access.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `""`                               |
| MaxAge           | `int`                      | MaxAge indicates how long (in seconds) the results of a preflight request can be cached. If you pass MaxAge 0, Access-Control-Max-Age header will not be added and browser will use 5 seconds by default. To disable caching completely, pass MaxAge value negative. It will set the Access-Control-Max-Age header 0. | `0`                                |

## Default Config

```go
var ConfigDefault = Config{
	Next:         nil,
	AllowOriginsFunc: nil,
	AllowOrigins: "*",
	AllowMethods: strings.Join([]string{
		fiber.MethodGet,
		fiber.MethodPost,
		fiber.MethodHead,
		fiber.MethodPut,
		fiber.MethodDelete,
		fiber.MethodPatch,
	}, ","),
	AllowHeaders:     "",
	AllowCredentials: false,
	ExposeHeaders:    "",
	MaxAge:           0,
}
```
