middleware/cache/README.md, before:

# Cache Middleware

Cache middleware for [Fiber](https://github.com/gofiber/fiber) designed to intercept responses and cache them. This middleware will cache the `Body`, `Content-Type` and `StatusCode` using the `c.Path()` (or a string returned by the Key function) as unique identifier. Special thanks to [@codemicro](https://github.com/codemicro/fiber-cache) for creating this middleware for Fiber core!

## Table of Contents

- [Cache Middleware](#cache-middleware)
	- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
	- [Signatures](#signatures)
	- [Examples](#examples)
		- [Default Config](#default-config)
		- [Custom Config](#custom-config)
		- [Custom Cache Key Or Expiration](#custom-cache-key-or-expiration)
		- [Config](#config)
		- [Default Config](#default-config-1)

## Signatures

```go
func New(config ...Config) fiber.Handler
```

## Examples

First import the middleware from Fiber,

```go
import (
  "github.com/gofiber/fiber/v2"
  "github.com/gofiber/fiber/v2/middleware/cache"
)
```

Then create a Fiber app with `app := fiber.New()`.

### Default Config

```go
app.Use(cache.New())
```

### Custom Config

```go
app.Use(cache.New(cache.Config{
	Next: func(c *fiber.Ctx) bool {
		return c.Query("refresh") == "true"
	},
	Expiration: 30 * time.Minute,
	CacheControl: true,
}))
```

### Custom Cache Key Or Expiration

```go
app.Use(New(Config{
	ExpirationGenerator: func(c *fiber.Ctx, cfg *Config) time.Duration {
		newCacheTime, _ := strconv.Atoi(c.GetRespHeader("Cache-Time", "600"))
		return time.Second * time.Duration(newCacheTime)
	},
	KeyGenerator: func(c *fiber.Ctx) string {
		return utils.CopyString(c.Path())
	}
}))

app.Get("/", func(c *fiber.Ctx) error {
	c.Response().Header.Add("Cache-Time", "6000")
	return c.SendString("hi")
})
```

### Config

```go
// Config defines the config for middleware.
type Config struct {
	// Next defines a function to skip this middleware when returned true.
	//
	// Optional. Default: nil
	Next func(c *fiber.Ctx) bool

	// Expiration is the time that an cached response will live
	//
	// Optional. Default: 1 * time.Minute
	Expiration time.Duration

	// CacheHeader header on response header, indicate cache status, with the following possible return value
	//
	// hit, miss, unreachable
	//
	// Optional. Default: X-Cache
	CacheHeader string

	// CacheControl enables client side caching if set to true
	//
	// Optional. Default: false
	CacheControl bool

	// Key allows you to generate custom keys, by default c.Path() is used
	//
	// Default: func(c *fiber.Ctx) string {
	//   return utils.CopyString(c.Path())
	// }
	KeyGenerator func(*fiber.Ctx) string

	// allows you to generate custom Expiration Key By Key, default is Expiration (Optional)
	//
	// Default: nil
	ExpirationGenerator func(*fiber.Ctx, *Config) time.Duration

	// Store is used to store the state of the middleware
	//
	// Default: an in memory store for this process only
	Storage fiber.Storage

	// allows you to store additional headers generated by next middlewares & handler
	//
	// Default: false
	StoreResponseHeaders bool

	// Max number of bytes of response bodies simultaneously stored in cache. When limit is reached,
	// entries with the nearest expiration are deleted to make room for new.
	// 0 means no limit
	//
	// Default: 0
	MaxBytes uint

	// You can specify HTTP methods to cache.
	// The middleware just caches the routes of its methods in this slice.
	//
	// Default: []string{fiber.MethodGet, fiber.MethodHead}
	Methods []string
}
```

### Default Config

```go
// ConfigDefault is the default config
var ConfigDefault = Config{
	Next:         nil,
	Expiration:   1 * time.Minute,
	CacheHeader:  "X-Cache",
	CacheControl: false,
	KeyGenerator: func(c *fiber.Ctx) string {
		return utils.CopyString(c.Path())
	},
	ExpirationGenerator:  nil,
	StoreResponseHeaders: false,
	Storage:              nil,
	MaxBytes:             0,
	Methods:              []string{fiber.MethodGet, fiber.MethodHead},
}
```

Commit message:

🚀 [Feature]: Cache-Control: no-cache (#2159)
* Added noCache field

Check if the request header Cache-Control contains no-cache

* Update cache.go

* Update config.go

* Update cache.go

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

* patch-1

middleware/cache/README.md, after:

# Cache Middleware

Cache middleware for [Fiber](https://github.com/gofiber/fiber) designed to intercept responses and cache them. This middleware will cache the `Body`, `Content-Type` and `StatusCode` using the `c.Path()` (or a string returned by the Key function) as unique identifier. Special thanks to [@codemicro](https://github.com/codemicro/fiber-cache) for creating this middleware for Fiber core!

Request Directives
The no-cache request directive will return the up-to-date response but still caches it. You will always get a "miss" cache status.
The no-store request directive will refrain from caching. You will always get the up-to-date response.

## Table of Contents

- [Cache Middleware](#cache-middleware)
	- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
	- [Signatures](#signatures)
	- [Examples](#examples)
		- [Default Config](#default-config)
		- [Custom Config](#custom-config)
		- [Custom Cache Key Or Expiration](#custom-cache-key-or-expiration)
		- [Config](#config)
		- [Default Config](#default-config-1)

## Signatures

```go
func New(config ...Config) fiber.Handler
```

## Examples

First import the middleware from Fiber,

```go
import (
  "github.com/gofiber/fiber/v2"
  "github.com/gofiber/fiber/v2/middleware/cache"
)
```

Then create a Fiber app with `app := fiber.New()`.

### Default Config

```go
app.Use(cache.New())
```

### Custom Config

```go
app.Use(cache.New(cache.Config{
	Next: func(c *fiber.Ctx) bool {
		return c.Query("refresh") == "true"
	},
	Expiration: 30 * time.Minute,
	CacheControl: true,
}))
```

### Custom Cache Key Or Expiration

```go
app.Use(New(Config{
	ExpirationGenerator: func(c *fiber.Ctx, cfg *Config) time.Duration {
		newCacheTime, _ := strconv.Atoi(c.GetRespHeader("Cache-Time", "600"))
		return time.Second * time.Duration(newCacheTime)
	},
	KeyGenerator: func(c *fiber.Ctx) string {
		return utils.CopyString(c.Path())
	}
}))

app.Get("/", func(c *fiber.Ctx) error {
	c.Response().Header.Add("Cache-Time", "6000")
	return c.SendString("hi")
})
```

### Config

```go
// Config defines the config for middleware.
type Config struct {
	// Next defines a function to skip this middleware when returned true.
	//
	// Optional. Default: nil
	Next func(c *fiber.Ctx) bool

	// Expiration is the time that an cached response will live
	//
	// Optional. Default: 1 * time.Minute
	Expiration time.Duration

	// CacheHeader header on response header, indicate cache status, with the following possible return value
	//
	// hit, miss, unreachable
	//
	// Optional. Default: X-Cache
	CacheHeader string

	// CacheControl enables client side caching if set to true
	//
	// Optional. Default: false
	CacheControl bool

	// Key allows you to generate custom keys, by default c.Path() is used
	//
	// Default: func(c *fiber.Ctx) string {
	//   return utils.CopyString(c.Path())
	// }
	KeyGenerator func(*fiber.Ctx) string

	// allows you to generate custom Expiration Key By Key, default is Expiration (Optional)
	//
	// Default: nil
	ExpirationGenerator func(*fiber.Ctx, *Config) time.Duration

	// Store is used to store the state of the middleware
	//
	// Default: an in memory store for this process only
	Storage fiber.Storage

	// allows you to store additional headers generated by next middlewares & handler
	//
	// Default: false
	StoreResponseHeaders bool

	// Max number of bytes of response bodies simultaneously stored in cache. When limit is reached,
	// entries with the nearest expiration are deleted to make room for new.
	// 0 means no limit
	//
	// Default: 0
	MaxBytes uint

	// You can specify HTTP methods to cache.
	// The middleware just caches the routes of its methods in this slice.
	//
	// Default: []string{fiber.MethodGet, fiber.MethodHead}
	Methods []string
}
```

### Default Config

```go
// ConfigDefault is the default config
var ConfigDefault = Config{
	Next:         nil,
	Expiration:   1 * time.Minute,
	CacheHeader:  "X-Cache",
	CacheControl: false,
	KeyGenerator: func(c *fiber.Ctx) string {
		return utils.CopyString(c.Path())
	},
	ExpirationGenerator:  nil,
	StoreResponseHeaders: false,
	Storage:              nil,
	MaxBytes:             0,
	Methods:              []string{fiber.MethodGet, fiber.MethodHead},
}
```
